iterations that the user has set has been achieved. So this is the whole idea behind it. If you want
to understand simply rights, if you want to understand simply what surrogate function versus surrogate
function versus a acquisition function does is simply say this is your grid. This is your hyper
parameter, hyper parameter grid. Say you have the hyper parameter one and hyper parameter two on the y
axis, all right? Now you have this grid. Think of this grid as a map, okay? This think of this grid as a map
where only few data points we have sampled, okay? We want to trace the lines in this map. Say you, you have
a particular country and you want to trace the lines and the lines where the lines are the lines
are the points where your objective function, the objective function is highest. So higher the
objective function, suppose if it's accuracy, we want to maximize it, right? Suppose your objective is
increasing the accuracy. We want to go in a in a particular route that will reach us to the maximum.